I'm not stable at the moment.
Not suitable for having children
It's not stable.
Are you just afraid that the child will delay you from going out?
Lin Feng, although I socialize a lot
But I've never done anything wrong to you.
I see.
You just like the feeling of the stars holding the moon
Because you are beautiful.
Every social interaction becomes the focus
You can't bear to lose this vanity
How can you say that to me?
Xia Yiqiao, you know why I want children
It's ridiculous to say
I want the kids to tie you up
Make you care
Don't get drunk outside every day
To be able to return to this home earlier
Can you stop being so childish?
I was naive.
So let's get a divorce.
Tomorrow at 9 am
Bring good money
I'll give you money.
Frozen, you walked this road today, don't come back
Lin Feng
Have you really thought about it?
If we go in
It doesn't matter anymore
Do you have my pay card?
It seems you are determined
The salary card is with my mother
I won't help you get it back.
Get a divorce
i
I'll give you a little more.
If you come home with me now
It never happened to me before that
You must leave
And so forth.